~ Equal contribution. Listing order 1s random. Jakob proposed replacing KNNs with seli-attention and started
the effort to evaluate this idea. Ashish, with Illia, designed and implemented the first Transformer models and
has been crucially involved in every aspect of this work. Noam proposed scaled dot-product attention, multi-head
attention and the parameter-free position representation and became the other person involved in nearly every
detail. Niki designed, implemented, tuned and evaluated countless model variants in our original codebase and
tensor2tensor. Llion also experimented with novel model variants, was responsible for our initial codebase, and
efficient inference and visualizations. Lukasz and Aidan spent countless long days designing various parts of and
implementing tensor2tensor, replacing our earlier codebase, greatly improving results and massively accelerating
our research.
The dominant sequence transduction models are based on complex recurrent or
convolutional neural networks that include an encoder and a decoder. The best
performing models also connect the encoder and decoder through an attention
mechanism. We propose a new simple network architecture, the Transformer,
based solely on attention mechanisms, dispensing with recurrence and convolutions
entirely. Experiments on two machine translation tasks show these models to
be superior in quality while being more parallelizable and requiring significantly
less time to train. Our model achieves 28.4 BLEU on the WMT 2014 English-
to-German translation task, improving over the existing best results, including
ensembles, by over 2 BLEU. On the WMT 2014 English-to-French translation task,
our model establishes a new single-model state-of-the-art BLEU score of 41.8 after
training for 3.5 days on eight GPUs, a small fraction of the training costs of the
best models from the literature. We show that the Transformer generalizes well to

other tasks by applying it successfully to English constituency parsing both with
large and limited training data.
"Work performed while at Google Brain.
t Work performed while at Google Research
-—

lukaszkaiser@google.com
31st Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NIPS 2017), Long Beach, CA, USA
YY LACOLEO GOL IT-ATK Ie
Recurrent models typically factor computation along the symbol positions of the input and output
sequences. Aligning the positions to steps in computation time, they generate a sequence of hidden
states h;, as a function of the previous hidden state h;_, and the input for position t. This inherently
sequential nature precludes parallelization within training examples, which becomes critical at longer
sequence lengths, as memory constraints limit batching across examples. Recent work has achieved
significant improvements in computational efficiency through factorization tricks [21] and conditional
computation [32], while also improving model performance in case of the latter. The fundamental
constraint of sequential comnutation. however remains.
The goal of reducing sequential computation also forms the foundation of the Extended Neural GPU
[16], ByteNet [18] and ConvS2S [9], all of which use convolutional neural networks as basic building
block, computing hidden representations in parallel for all input and output positions. In these models,
the number of operations required to relate signals from two arbitrary input or output positions grows
in the distance between positions, linearly for ConvS2S and logarithmically for ByteNet. This makes
it more difficult to learn dependencies between distant positions [12]. In the Transformer this is
reduced to a constant number of operations, albeit at the cost of reduced effective resolution due
to averaging attention-weighted positions, an effect we counteract with Multi-Head Attention as
described in section 3.2.
In this work we propose the Transformer, a model architecture eschewing recurrence and instead
relying entirely on an attention mechanism to draw global dependencies between input and output.
The Transformer allows for significantly more parallelization and can reach a new state of the art in
translation quality after being trained for as little as twelve hours on eight P100 GPUs.
Self-attention, sometimes called intra-attention is an attention mechanism relating different positions
of a single sequence in order to compute a representation of the sequence. Self-attention has been
used successfully in a variety of tasks including reading comprehension, abstractive summarization,
textual entailment and learning task-independent sentence representations [4, 27, 28, 22].
To the best of our knowledge, however, the Transformer is the first transduction model relyins
entirely on self-attention to compute representations of its input and output without using sequence
aligned RNNs or convolution. In the following sections, we will describe the Transformer, motivate
self-attention and discuss its advantages over models such as [17, 18] and [9].
Most competitive neural sequence transduction models have an encoder-decoder structure [5, 2, 35].
Here, the encoder maps an input sequence of symbol representations (x1,...,%,) to a sequence
of continuous representations z = (21,...,2n). Given z, the decoder then generates an output
sequence (¥1, ..., Ym) of symbols one element at a time. At each step the model is auto-regressive
[10], consuming the previously generated symbols as additional input when generating the next.
Recurrent neural networks, long short-term memory [13] and gated recurrent [7] neural networks
in particular, have been firmly established as state of the art approaches in sequence modeling and
transduction problems such as language modeling and machine translation [35, 2, 5]. Numerous

efforts have since continued to push the boundaries of recurrent language models and encoder-decoder
architectures [38, 24, 15].
Attention mechanisms have become an integral part of compelling sequence modeling and transduc-
tion models in various tasks, allowing modeling of dependencies without regard to their distance in

the input or output sequences [2, 19]. In all but a few cases [27], however, such attention mechanisms
are used in conjunction with a recurrent network.
End-to-end memory networks are based on a recurrent attention mechanism instead of sequence-
aligned recurrence and have been shown to perform well on simple-language question answering and
language modeling tasks [34].
[Image: page_3_image_1.png]
Decoder: The decoder is also composed of a stack of N = 6 identical layers. In addition to the two
sub-layers in each encoder layer, the decoder inserts a third sub-layer, which performs multi-head
attention over the output of the encoder stack. Similar to the encoder, we employ residual connections
around each of the sub-layers, followed by layer normalization. We also modify the self-attention
sub-layer in the decoder stack to prevent positions from attending to subsequent positions. This
masking, combined with fact that the output embeddings are offset by one position, ensures that the
predictions for position 7 can depend only on the known outputs at positions less than 7.
Encoder: The encoder is composed of a stack of N = 6 identical layers. Each layer has two
sub-layers. The first is a multi-head self-attention mechanism, and the second is a simple, position-
wise fully connected feed-forward network. We employ a residual connection [11] around each of
the two sub-layers, followed by layer normalization [1]. That is, the output of each sub-layer is
LayerNorm(z + Sublayer(z)), where Sublayer(z:) is the function implemented by the sub-layer
itself. To facilitate these residual connections, all sub-layers in the model, as well as the embedding

layers, produce outputs of dimension dodge) = 512.
‘igure 1: The Transformer - model architecture.
An attention function can be described as mapping a query and a set of key-value pairs to an output,
where the query, keys, values, and output are all vectors. The output is computed as a weighted sum
The Transformer follows this overall architecture using stacked self-attention and point-wise, fully
connected layers for both the encoder and decoder, shown in the left and right halves of Figure 1,
respectively.
[Image: page_4_image_1.png]
[Image: page_4_image_2.png]
[Image: page_4_image_3.png]
The two most commonly used attention functions are additive attention [2], and dot-product (multi-
Plicative) attention. Dot- -product attention is identical to our algorithm, except for the scaling factor

Ti

a single hidden layer. While the two are similar in theoretical complexity, dot-product attention is
much faster and more space-efficient in practice, since it can be implemented using highly optimized
matrix multiplication code.
Instead of performing a single attention function with dmodei-dimensional keys, values and queries,
we found it beneficial to linearly project the queries, keys and values h times with different, learned
linear projections to dy, d, and d,, dimensions, respectively. On each of these projected versions of
queries, keys and values we then perform the attention function in parallel, yielding d,-dimensional
“To illustrate why the dot products get large, assume that the components of g and k are independent random
variables with mean 0 and variance 1. Then their dot product, g -k = Side , qik;, has mean 0 and variance dz.
While for small values of d; the two mechanisms perform similarly, additive attention outperforms
Jot product attention without scaling for larger values of d;, [3]. We suspect that for large values of
1;,, the dot products grow large in magnitude, pushing the softmax function into regions where it has

*xtremely small gradients +. To counteract this effect, we scale the dot products by 4..
In practice, we compute the attention function on a set of queries simultaneously, packed together
into a matrix @. The keys and values are also packed together into matrices K and V. We compute
the matrix of outputs as:
We call our particular attention "Scaled Dot-Product Attention" (Figure 2). The input consists of
queries and keys of dimension dx, and values of dimension d,. We compute the dot products of the

query with all keys, divide each by dx, and apply a softmax function to obtain the weights on the
values.
of the values, where the weight assigned to each value is computed by a compatibility function of the
query with the corresponding key.
Figure 2: (left) Scaled Dot-Product Attention. (right) Multi-Head Attention consists of severa
attention layers running in parallel.
Similarly to other sequence transduction models, we use learned embeddings to convert the input
tokens and output tokens to vectors of dimension dmodei. We also use the usual learned linear transfor-
mation and softmax function to convert the decoder output to predicted next-token probabilities. In
our model, we share the same weight matrix between the two embedding layers and the pre-softmax
linear transformation, similar to [30]. In the embedding layers, we multiply those weights by W/dmouel-
While the linear transformations are the same across different positions, they use different parameters
from layer to layer. Another way of describing this is as two convolutions with kernel size 1.

The dimensionality of input and output is dyodey = 512, and the inner-layer has dimensionality
drr = 2048.
In addition to attention sub-layers, each of the layers 1n our encoder and decoder contains a fully
connected feed-forward network, which is applied to each position separately and identically. This
consists of two linear transformations with a ReLU activation in between.
Multi-head attention allows the model to jointly attend to information from different representatior
subspaces at different positions. With a single attention head, averaging inhibits this.
In this work we employ h = 8 parallel attention layers, or heads. For each of these we us¢
dy = dy = dmodei/h = 64. Due to the reduced dimension of each head, the total computational cos
is similar to that of single-head attention with full dimensionality.
The Transformer uses multi-head attention in three different ways:
Where the projectio ices W Ws W
ns are parameter matrices Amodel % i @ @
and W? € Ride x dmoset ick Wi © Ritmo ee, Wile Romo Xe
where head; = Attention(QW,*, KW;*, VW," )
MultiHead(Q, K,V) = Concat(head),..., heady )W™

whara hnaad. — Attantinn(My@ ryK wiv
Since our model contains no recurrence and no convolution, in order for the model to make use of the
order of the sequence, we must inject some information about the relative or absolute position of the
tokens in the sequence. To this end, we add "positional encodings" to the input embeddings at the
bottoms of the encoder and decoder stacks. The positional encodings have the same dimension dmodei
as the embeddings, so that the two can be summed. There are many choices of positional encodings,
learned and fixed [9].
Table 1: Maximum path lengths, per-layer complexity and minimum number of sequential operations
for different layer types. n is the sequence length, d is the representation dimension, k& is the kernel
size of convolutions and r the size of the neighborhood in restricted self-attention.
The third is the path length between long-range dependencies in the network. Learning long-range
dependencies is a key challenge in many sequence transduction tasks. One key factor affecting the
ability to learn such dependencies is the length of the paths forward and backward signals have to
traverse in the network. The shorter these paths between any combination of positions in the input
and output sequences, the easier it is to learn long-range dependencies [12]. Hence we also compare

the maximum path length between any two input and output positions in networks composed of the
different layer types.
As noted in Table 1, a self-attention layer connects all positions with a constant number of sequentially
executed operations, whereas a recurrent layer requires O(n) sequential operations. In terms of
computational complexity, self-attention layers are faster than recurrent layers when the sequence
In this work, we use sine and cosine functions of different frequencies:
where pos is the position and 2 is the dimension. That is, each dimension of the positional encoding
corresponds to a sinusoid. The wavelengths form a geometric progression from 27 to 10000 - 27. We
chose this function because we hypothesized it would allow the model to easily learn to attend by

relative positions, since for any fixed offset k, PEpos+x can be represented as a linear function of
PR...
In this section we compare various aspects of self-attention layers to the recurrent and convolu-
tional layers commonly used for mapping one variable-length sequence of symbol representations
(x1,...,@pn) to another sequence of equal length (2,...,2n), with 2;,z; € R“, such as a hidden
layer in a typical sequence transduction encoder or decoder. Motivating our use of self-attention we
consider three desiderata.
One is the total computational complexity per layer. Another is the amount of computation that can
be parallelized, as measured by the minimum number of sequential operations required.
We also experimented with using learned positional embeddings [9] instead, and found that the two
versions produced nearly identical results (see Table 3 row (E)). We chose the sinusoidal version

because it may allow the model to extrapolate to sequence lengths longer than the ones encountered
during training.
A single convolutional layer with kernel width k < n does not connect all pairs of input and output
positions. Doing so requires a stack of O(n/k) convolutional layers in the case of contiguous kernels,
or O(log,,(n)) in the case of dilated convolutions [18], increasing the length of the longest paths
between any two positions in the network. Convolutional layers are generally more expensive than
recurrent layers, by a factor of k. Separable convolutions [6], however, decrease the complexity
considerably, to O(k -n-d+n-d?). Even with k = n, however, the complexity of a separable
convolution is equal to the combination of a self-attention layer and a point-wise feed-forward layer,
the approach we take in our model.
As side benefit, self-attention could yield more interpretable models. We inspect attention distributions
from our models and present and discuss examples in the appendix. Not only do individual attention

heads clearly learn to perform different tasks, many appear to exhibit behavior related to the syntactic
and semantic structure of the sentences.
We trained on the standard WMT 2014 English-German dataset consisting of about 4.5 million
sentence pairs. Sentences were encoded using byte-pair encoding [3], which has a shared source-
target vocabulary of about 37000 tokens. For English-French, we used the significantly larger WMT
2014 English-French dataset consisting of 36M sentences and split tokens into a 32000 word-piece
vocabulary [38]. Sentence pairs were batched together by approximate sequence length. Each training

batch contained a set of sentence pairs containing approximately 25000 source tokens and 25000
taroet tokens.
This section describes the training regime for our models
fengtn 7 1S smaller than the representation dimensionahty d, which 1s most often the case with
sentence representations used by state-of-the-art models in machine translations, such as word-piece
[38] and byte-pair [31] representations. To improve computational performance for tasks involving
very long sequences, self-attention could be restricted to considering only a neighborhood of size r in
the input sequence centered around the respective output position. This would increase the maximum
path length to O(n/r). We plan to investigate this approach further in future work.
We used the Adam optimizer [20] with 6; = 0.9, G2 = 0.98 and € = 10~°. We varied the learning
rate over the course of training, according to the formula:
We trained our models on one machine with 8 NVIDIA P100 GPUs. For our base models using
the hyperparameters described throughout the paper, each training step took about 0.4 seconds. We
trained the base models for a total of 100,000 steps or 12 hours. For our big models,(described on the

bottom line of table 3), step time was 1.0 seconds. The big models were trained for 300,000 steps
(3.5 days).
We employ three types of regularization during training:
This corresponds to increasing the learning rate linearly for the first warmup_steps training steps,
and decreasing it thereafter proportionally to the inverse square root of the step number. We used
warmup_steps = 4000.
lrate = -min(step_num 7° > step_num -warmup_steps —

model
[Image: page_8_image_1.png]
Table 2: The Transformer achieves better BLEU scores than previous state-of-the-art models on the
English-to-German and English-to-French newstest2014 tests at a fraction of the training cost.
For the base models, we used a single mode! obtained by averaging the last 9 checkpoints, which
were written at 10-minute intervals. For the big models, we averaged the last 20 checkpoints. We
used beam search with a beam size of 4 and length penalty a = 0.6 [38]. These hyperparameters
were chosen after experimentation on the development set. We set the maximum output length during
inference to input length + 50, but terminate early when possible [38].
Qn the WMI 2014 English-to-German translation task, the big transtormer model (Iransformer (b1g)
in Table 2) outperforms the best previously reported models (including ensembles) by more than 2.0
BLEU, establishing a new state-of-the-art BLEU score of 28.4. The configuration of this model is
listed in the bottom line of Table 3. Training took 3.5 days on 8 P100 GPUs. Even our base model
surpasses all previously published models and ensembles, at a fraction of the training cost of any of
the competitive models.
Residual Dropout We apply dropout [33] to the output of each sub-layer, before it is added to the

sub-layer input and normalized. In addition, we apply dropout to the sums of the embeddings and the
positional encodings in both the encoder and decoder stacks. For the base model, we use a rate of
Parop = 9.1.
To evaluate the importance of different components of the Transformer, we varied our base model
in different ways, measuring the change in performance on English-to-German translation on the
Table 2 summarizes our results and compares our translation quality and training costs to other model
architectures from the literature. We estimate the number of floating point operations used to train a

model by multiplying the training time, the number of GPUs used, and an estimate of the sustained
single-precision floating-point capacity of each GPU >.
Label Smoothing During training, we employed label smoothing of value €;, = 0.1 [36]. This
hurts perplexity, as the model learns to be more unsure, but improves accuracy and BLEU score.
On the WMT 2014 English-to-French translation task, our big model achieves a BLEU score of 41.0,
outperforming all of the previously published single models, at less than 1/4 the training cost of the
previous state-of-the-art model. The Transformer (big) model trained for English-to-French used
dropout rate Piroy = 0.1, instead of 0.3.
°We used values of 2.8, 3.7, 6.0 and 9.5 TFLOPS for K80, K40, M40 and P100, respectively.
[Image: page_9_image_1.png]
In Table 3 rows (B), we observe that reducing the attention key size d, hurts model quality. This
suggests that determining compatibility is not easy and that a more sophisticated compatibility
function than dot product may be beneficial. We further observe in rows (C) and (D) that, as expected,
bigger models are better, and dropout is very helpful in avoiding over-fitting. In row (E) we replace our
sinusoidal positional encoding with learned positional embeddings [9], and observe nearly identical
results to the base model.
To evaluate if the Transformer can generalize to other tasks we performed experiments on English
constituency parsing. This task presents specific challenges: the output is subject to strong structural

constraints and is significantly longer than the input. Furthermore, RNN sequence-to-sequence
models have not been able to attain state-of-the-art results in small-data regimes [37].
Table 3: Variations on the Transformer architecture. Unlisted values are identical to those of the base
model. All metrics are on the English-to-German translation development set, newstest2013. Listed
perplexities are per-wordpiece, according to our byte-pair encoding, and should not be compared to
yer-word perplexities.
We performed only a small number of experiments to select the dropout, both attention and residual
(section 5.4), learning rates and beam size on the Section 22 development set, all other parameters
remained unchanged from the English-to-German base translation model. During inference, we
We trained a 4-layer transformer with dyodey = 1024 on the Wall Street Journal (WSJ) portion of the
Penn Treebank [25], about 40K training sentences. We also trained it in a semi-supervised setting,
using the larger high-confidence and BerkleyParser corpora from with approximately 17M sentences

[37]. We used a vocabulary of 16K tokens for the WSJ only setting and a vocabulary of 32K tokens
for the semi-supervised setting.
development set, newstest2013. We used beam search as described in the previous section, but nc
checkpoint averaging. We present these results in Table 3.
In Table 3 rows (A), we vary the number of attention heads and the attention key and value dimensions,
keeping the amount of computation constant, as described in Section 3.2.2. While single-head
attention is 0.9 BLEU worse than the best setting, quality also drops off with too many heads.
[Image: page_10_image_1.png]
We are excited about the future of attentlon-based models and plan to apply them to other tasks. We
plan to extend the Transformer to problems involving input and output modalities other than text and
to investigate local, restricted attention mechanisms to efficiently handle large inputs and outputs
such as images, audio and video. Making generation less sequential is another research goals of ours.
In contrast to RNN sequence-to-sequence models [37], the Transformer outperforms the Berke
Parser [29] even when training only on the WSJ training set of 40K sentences.
In this work, we presented the Transformer, the first sequence transduction model based entirely on
attention, replacing the recurrent layers most commonly used in encoder-decoder architectures with
multi-headed self-attention.
Table 4: The Transformer generalizes well to English constituency parsing (Results are on Section 23
of WSJ)
For translation tasks, the Transformer can be trained significantly faster than architectures based
on recurrent or convolutional layers. On both WMT 2014 English-to-German and WMT 2014
English-to-French translation tasks, we achieve a new state of the art. In the former task our best
model outperforms even all previously reported ensembles.
increased the maximum output length to input length + 300. We used a beam size of 21 and a = 0.3
for both WSJ only and the semi-supervised setting.
Acknowledgements We are grateful to Nal Kalchbrenner and Stephan Gouws for their fruitful
comments, corrections and inspiration.
Our results in Table 4 show that despite the lack of task-specific tuning our model performs sur-
prisingly well, yielding better results than all previously reported models with the exception of the
Recurrent Neural Network Grammar [8].
The code we used to train and evaluate our models is available at https://github.com/
tensorflow/tensor2tensor.
[1] Jimmy Lei Ba, Jamie Ryan Kiros, and Geoffrey E Hinton. Layer normalization. arXiv preprint
arXiv: 1607.06450. 2016.
[4] Jianpeng Cheng, Li Dong, and Mirella Lapata. Long short-term memory-networks for machine
reading. arXiv preprint arXiv: 1601.06733, 2016.
24| Minh-Thang Luong, Hieu Pham, and Christopher D Manning. Effective approaches to attention.
based neural machine translation. arXiv preprint arXiv: 1508.04025, 2015.
19] Yoon Kim, Carl Denton, Luong Hoang, and Alexander M. Rush. Structured attention networks.
In International Conference on Learning Representations, 2017.
[7] Junyoung Chung, Caglar Giilcehre, Kyunghyun Cho, and Yoshua Bengio. Empirical evaluation
of gated recurrent neural networks on sequence modeling. CoRR, abs/1412.3555, 2014.
[18] Nal Kalchbrenner, Lasse Espeholt, Karen Simonyan, Aaron van den Oord, Alex Graves, and Ko-
ray Kavukcuoglu. Neural machine translation in linear time. arXiv preprint arXiv: 1610.10099v2,
0] Diederik Kingma and Jimmy Ba. Adam: A method for stochastic optimization. In JCLR, 2015.
[23] Minh-Thang Luong, Quoc V. Le, Ilya Sutskever, Oriol Vinyals, and Lukasz Kaiser. Multi-task
sequence to sequence learning. arXiv preprint arXiv: 1511.06114, 2015.
12] Sepp Hochreiter, Yoshua Bengio, Paolo Frasconi, and Jiirgen Schmidhuber. Gradient flow in
recurrent nets: the difficulty of learning long-term dependencies, 2001.
9] Jonas Gehring, Michael Auli, David Grangier, Denis Yarats, and Yann N. Dauphin. Convolu-
tional sequence to sequence learning. arXiv preprint arXiv: 1705.03122v2, 2017.
[15] Rafal Jozefowicz, Oriol Vinyals, Mike Schuster, Noam Shazeer, and Yonghui Wu. Exploring
the limits of language modeling. arXiv preprint arXiv: 1602.02410, 2016.
36] Christian Szegedy, Vincent Vanhoucke, Sergey Ioffe, Jonathon Shlens, and Zbigniew Wojna
Rethinking the inception architecture for computer vision. CoRR, abs/1512.00567, 2015.
[39] Jie Zhou, Ying Cao, Xuguang Wang, Peng Li, and Wei Xu. Deep recurrent models with
fast-forward connections for neural machine translation. CoRR, abs/1606.04199, 2016.
27) Ankur Parikh, Oscar Tackstr6m, Dipanjan Das, and Jakob Uszkoreit. A decomposable attention
model. In Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing, 2016.
[35] Ilya Sutskever, Oriol Vinyals, and Quoc VV Le. Sequence to sequence learning with neural
networks. In Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems, pages 3104-3112, 2014.
)] Mitchell P Marcus, Mary Ann Marcinkiewicz, and Beatrice Santorini. Building a large annotated
corpus of english: The penn treebank. Computational linguistics, 19(2):313—330, 1993.
[40] Muhua Zhu, Yue Zhang, Wenliang Chen, Min Zhang, and Jingbo Zhu. Fast and accurate
shift-reduce constituent parsing. In Proceedings of the 51st Annual Meeting of the ACL (Volume
1: Long Papers), pages 434-443. ACL, August 2013.
[30] Ofir Press and Lior Wolf. Using the output embedding to improve language models. arXi
preprint arXiv: 1608.05859, 2016.
37] Vinyals & Kaiser, Koo, Petrov, Sutskever, and Hinton. Grammar as a foreign language. In
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems, 2015.
28] Romain Paulus, Caiming Xiong, and Richard Socher. A deep reinforced model for abstractive
summarization. arXiv preprint arXiv: 1705.04304, 2017.
[31] Rico Sennrich, Barry Haddow, and Alexandra Birch. Neural machine translation of rare words
with subword units. arXiv preprint arXiv: 1508.07909, 2015.
[Image: page_13_image_1.png]
Figure 3: An example of the attention mechanism following long-distance dependencies in the
encoder self-attention in layer 5 of 6. Many of the attention heads attend to a distant dependency of
the verb ‘making’, completing the phrase ‘making...more difficult’. Attentions here shown only fot
the word ‘making’. Different colors represent different heads. Best viewed in color.
[Image: page_14_image_1.png]
[Image: page_14_image_2.png]
Figure 4: Two attention heads, also in layer 5 of 6, apparently involved in anaphora resolution. Top
Full attentions for head 5. Bottom: Isolated attentions from just the word ‘its’ for attention heads 5
and 6. Note that the attentions are very sharp for this word.
[Image: page_15_image_1.png]
Figure 5: Many of the attention heads exhibit behaviour that seems related to the structure of the
sentence. We give two such examples above, from two different heads from the encoder self-attentiot
it layer 5 of 6. The heads clearly learned to perform different tasks.